{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red211\green215\blue218;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c86089\c87269\c88230;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 What more do you think you need to know about this project? I believe in further modifications we could figure out a way to incorporate decimals into the calculator with a more advanced keypad, and we could include multiple operations in one calculation.\
\
What did you learn from this project? I learned how to operate Arduino Mega and circuits, and how to use a breadboard properly. I learned how to code on Arduino and how to use an LCD.\
\
What would you do better? I could've made the project more neat by adding more complicated operations, like exponents and paranthesis and using more equipment to give the user a better experience.\
\
What are your challenges? I did not face many challenges as our project was pretty simple. One problem we did face was the default operation output, since we did not initialize it, it appeared buggy on the display. Also, we had difficulty turning on the backlight for the display.\
\
List all the modules and which parts you participated in: I coded the program that calculates the user inputs and displays it onto the LCD, I also connected the wires from the arduino to the the breadboard which was connected to the LCD. I also connected the wires from the keymap to the arduino. I also desined the logic behind the keymap and constructed the truth table which depicts the the binary output corresponding to each button.}